docs: base README.md update (#655)
juspay/superposition: docs/docs/intro.md

slug: /
---

Superposition is a configuration and experimentation management platform that allows software teams to manage their configurations safely and allows them to run multi-variate experiments on those configurations. Superposition places a strong emphasis on safety of configuration changes.  It does this by the following:

* supporting strong typing of configuration values (via [json-schema](https://json-schema.org/))

> * custom validation functions (with an embedded Javascript runtime) that can validate configuration values using state-less logic or validate them against external data-sources

Reviewer: @knutties the JS runtime is not embedded into the application, but rather the docker image. If your local system doesn't contain NodeJS, this won't work.

> * custom validation functions (with an embedded Javascript runtime) that can validate configuration values using state-less logic or validate them against external data-sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* custom validation functions (with NodeJS) that can validate configuration values using state-less logic or validate them against external data-sources
```

Author: I will just make it custom validation functions (written in javascript) - to keep it simple.

1. `sdk` - this library contains methods to interact with the control plane of Superposition to manage configurations and experiments.  In short, all APIs supported by the Superposition platform can be invoked using the sdk (built using [AWS' Smithy IDL](https://smithy.io)).
2. `provider` (or open-feature-provider) - this open feature compatible library is meant to be used by the applications that consume configurations hosted in Superposition.  This has support for in-memory-caching and period polling based refresh of configuration in the application.
3. `bindings` - this library contains the core configuration resolution logic - which is wrapped by the provider in an open-feature compatible format

The following matrix contains the languages in which the above client libraries are available:

| Language       | sdk | provider | bindings |
|----------------|-----|----------|----------|
| Rust           | ✔️  |    ✔️    |  NA      |
| Javascript     | ✔️  |    ✔️    |  ✔️      |
| Python         | ✔️  |    ✔️    |  ✔️      |
| Java           | ✔️  |    ✔️    |  ✔️      |
| Haskell        | WIP |    WIP   |  WIP     |

> | Go             | TBD |    TBD   |  TBD     |

Reviewer: Should we add the shields here, showing each version and link to it?

Author: added green labels (except for Java)
